Removed legacy route_control_profile resource files (#1259)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci: docs/data-sources/route_control_profile.md

  Data source for ACI Route Control Profile
---

# aci_route_control_profile #

Data source for ACI Route Control Profile

## API Information ##

* Class: [rtctrlProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/rtctrlProfile/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Formats:
  - `uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/prof-{name}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/prof-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:

>   - `Tenants -> Networking -> L3Outs -> Route map for import and export route control`
>   - `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> Route Maps for Route Control`

Reviewer: Would capitalise both
```suggestion
  - `Tenants -> Networking -> L3Outs -> Route map for import and export Route Control`
  - `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> Route Maps for Route Control`
```

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_route_control_profile" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

data "aci_route_control_profile" "example_l3_outside" {
  parent_dn = aci_l3_outside.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
  - [aci_l3_outside](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/l3_outside) ([l3extOut](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extOut/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Route Control Profile object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Route Control Profile object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Route Control Profile object.

> * `route_map_continue` (autoContinue) - (string) This action will be applied on all the entries which are part of per Peer BGP Route-Map. Only available on 'Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> Route Maps for Route Control'.

Reviewer: Should use only applicable when parent_dn is set to tenant instead of providing the a UI link? 

Perhaps we should reconsider even mentioning this, because this is user responsibility of knowing the config they would like to push? Like if we start doing this, how do we handle UI version changes in our docs?

Reviewer: Perhaps we should also change this action sentence to what the attribute does? So what auto-continue means.

> * `route_map_continue` (autoContinue) - (string) The route_map_continue applies a continue statement for all user-configured sequences (contexts) in a given BGP route profile so that switches will continue to find matches with subsequent user-configured sequences in the route map. Without the continue statement, after a route matches one of the sequences in a route map, switches will not continue to check other sequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `route_map_continue` (autoContinue) - (string) Apply a continue statement for all user-configured sequences (contexts) in a given BGP route profile so that switches will continue to find matches with subsequent user-configured sequences in the route map.
```
